Update glossary.rst (#25)
cardano-foundation/docs-cardano-org: explore-cardano/glossary.rst

      digital currency of the Cardano blockchain. One ada = 1,000,000 lovelaces.
    
    address

>       data-structure used in transaction outputs to convey various pieces of information. All addresses carry a network discriminant tag to distinguish them between different network (e.g. Mainnet or Testnet) and a proof of ownership (i.e. telling who owns the transaction output). Some addresses also carry delegation choices or script references.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      a data-structure used in transaction outputs to convey various pieces of information. All addresses carry a network discriminant tag to distinguish between different networks (e.g. Mainnet or Testnet) and a proof of ownership (i.e. a proof of who owns the transaction output). Some addresses also carry delegation choices or script references.  
```

      
      indicates a unique set of numbers and symbols identifying a particular wallet. The address allows users to receive payments, process transactions, and control their stake.

    Adrestia

>       Adrestia is a collection of products which makes it easier to integrate with Cardano. It is made of several Application Programming Interfaces (API), Command-line Interfaces (CLI) and Software Development Kits (SDK). Alternatively, Adrestia may also refer to the team working on the project itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Adrestia is a collection of products which makes it easier to integrate with Cardano. It is made of several Application Programming Interfaces (APIs), Command-line Interfaces (CLIs) and Software Development Kits (SDKs). Alternatively, Adrestia may also refer to the team working on the project itself.
```

      second phase of Cardano development in which network decentralization will be delivered.

    slot

>       a fixed period of time within an epoch. Each epoch of time is divided into numbered slots. Slots that are inhabited by blocks are called active slots. 

Reviewer: :smile_cat: :+1:
